# quake-log-parser

## Description

This project was created to parse the Quake log file following the rules below:

## Rule 1

The log file was generated by a Quake 3 Arena server, including a great deal of information of every match.

The project should implement the following functionalities:

Read the log file
Group the game data of each match
Collect kill data

## Example

  	21:42 Kill: 1022 2 22: <world> killed Isgalamido by MOD_TRIGGER_HURT
  
The player "Isgalamido" died because he was wounded and fell from a height enough to kill him.

  	2:22 Kill: 3 2 10: Isgalamido killed Dono da Bola by MOD_RAILGUN
  
The player "Isgalamido" killed the player "Dono da Bola" using the Railgun weapon.
  
Example of grouped information for each match:

    game_1: {
	    total_kills: 45;
	    players: ["Dono da bola", "Isgalamido", "Zeh"]
	    kills: {
	      "Dono da bola": 5,
	      "Isgalamido": 18,
	      "Zeh": 20
	    }
	  }
    
### Additional notes:

1. When `<world>` kill a player, that player loses -1 kill score.
2. Since `<world>` is not a player, it should not appear in the list of players or in the dictionary of kills.
3. The counter `total_kills` includes player and world deaths.
  
## Rule 2
  
Create a script that prints a report (grouped information) for each match and a player ranking.
  
## Rule 3
  
Generate a report of deaths grouped by death cause for each match.

Death causes (extracted from source code)

	// means of death
	typedef enum {
		MOD_UNKNOWN,
		MOD_SHOTGUN,
		MOD_GAUNTLET,
		MOD_MACHINEGUN,
		MOD_GRENADE,
		MOD_GRENADE_SPLASH,
		MOD_ROCKET,
		MOD_ROCKET_SPLASH,
		MOD_PLASMA,
		MOD_PLASMA_SPLASH,
		MOD_RAILGUN,
		MOD_LIGHTNING,
		MOD_BFG,
		MOD_BFG_SPLASH,
		MOD_WATER,
		MOD_SLIME,
		MOD_LAVA,
		MOD_CRUSH,
		MOD_TELEFRAG,
		MOD_FALLING,
		MOD_SUICIDE,
		MOD_TARGET_LASER,
		MOD_TRIGGER_HURT,
	#ifdef MISSIONPACK
		MOD_NAIL,
		MOD_CHAINGUN,
		MOD_PROXIMITY_MINE,
		MOD_KAMIKAZE,
		MOD_JUICED,
	#endif
		MOD_GRAPPLE
	} meansOfDeath_t;

Example:

	"game-1": {
		kills_by_means: {
			"MOD_SHOTGUN": 10,
			"MOD_RAILGUN": 2,
			"MOD_GAUNTLET": 1,
			"XXXX": N
		}
	

Exemplo:

	"game-1": {
		kills_by_means: {
			"MOD_SHOTGUN": 10,
			"MOD_RAILGUN": 2,
			"MOD_GAUNTLET": 1,
			"XXXX": N
		}
	}


## Requirements

You must have node.js installed.

## Running the application

## 1. Cloning the project
	
Clone the project using the link: git@github.com:kauemassucci96/quake-log-parser.git.

## 2. Enter the application directory

Enter the application directory using the command: **cd quake-log-parser**.

## 3. Installing the dependencies

Install the dependencies using the **npm install** command.

## 4. Running the application

Run the application using the **node index.js** command.

## 4. Performing unit tests

Run the unit tests using **npm test** command.
